Update ubuntu install page for style and grammar (#1548)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: installation/linux/ubuntu.md

# Ubuntu

Fluent Bit is distributed as the `fluent-bit` package and is available for long-term
support releases of Ubuntu. The latest officially supported version is Noble Numbat
(24.04).

## Single line install

> An installation script is provided to be used for most Linux targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An installation script is provided for most Linux targets.
```

Fluentbit releases (Releases signing key) <releases@fluentbit.io>
```

The previous key is [still available](https://packages.fluentbit.io/fluentbit-legacy.key)
and might be required to install previous versions.

The GPG Key fingerprint of the old key is:

```text
F209 D876 2A60 CD49 E680 633B 4FF8 368B 6EA0 722A
```

Refer to the [supported platform documentation](../supported-platforms.md) to see
which platforms are supported in each release.

## Update your sources lists

On Ubuntu, you need to add the Fluent Bit APT server entry to your sources lists.
Add the following content at bottom of your `/etc/apt/sources.list` file. Ensure

> `CODENAME` is set to your specific [Ubuntu release name](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases)
> (for example: `focal` for Ubuntu 20.04):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CODENAME` is set to your specific [Ubuntu release name](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases).
For example, `focal` for Ubuntu 20.04.
```

```bash
deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/fluentbit-keyring.gpg] https://packages.fluentbit.io/ubuntu/${CODENAME} ${CODENAME} main
```

### Update your repositories database

> Now let your system update the `apt` database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `apt` database on your system:
```

```bash
sudo apt-get update
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> Fluent Bit recommends upgrading your system (`sudo apt-get upgrade`). This could
> avoid potential issues with expired certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent Bit recommends upgrading your system to avoid potential issues
with expired certificates:

`sudo apt-get upgrade`

```

Reviewer: Put the command in a proper code fence. I tried to do it as a suggestion, but then GitHub renders the markup and things display all wonky.

> If you have the error `Certificate verification failed`, check if the package
> `ca-certificates` is properly installed (`sudo apt-get install ca-certificates`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive the error `Certificate verification failed`, check if the package
`ca-certificates` is properly installed:

`sudo apt-get install ca-certificates`
```

Reviewer: Put the command in a proper code fence. I tried to do it as a suggestion, but then GitHub renders the markup and things display all wonky.

{% endhint %}

## Install Fluent Bit

1. Use the following `apt-get` command to install the latest Fluent Bit:

>    ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```bash copy
```

   sudo apt-get install fluent-bit
   ```

1. Instruct `systemd` to enable the service:

>    ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```bash copy
```
